Add memo and/or receiver filter metric (#3795)
informalsystems/hermes: guide/src/documentation/telemetry/operators.md

| `cleared_send_packet_count_total`    | Number of SendPacket events received during the initial and periodic clearing, per chain, counterparty chain, channel and port                                              | `u64` Counter       | Packet workers enabled, and periodic packet clearing or clear on start enabled |
| `cleared_acknowledgment_count_total` | Number of WriteAcknowledgement events received during the initial and periodic clearing, per chain, counterparty chain, channel and port                                    | `u64` Counter       | Packet workers enabled, and periodic packet clearing or clear on start enabled |
| `broadcast_errors_total`        | Number of errors observed by Hermes when broadcasting a Tx, per error type and account                                                                                                         | `u64` Counter       | Packet workers enabled |

> | `filtered_packets`        | Number of Packets filtered because the memo and/or the receiver were too big | `u64` Counter | Packet workers enabled, and `ics20_max_memo_size` and/or `ics20_max_receiver_size` enabled |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `filtered_packets`        | Number of ICS-20 packets filtered because the memo and/or the receiver fields were exceeding the configured limits | `u64` Counter | Packet workers enabled, and `ics20_max_memo_size` and/or `ics20_max_receiver_size` enabled |
```
